# 乐观
-  Therefore, optimism is of great significance in our work and life. As an old saying goes, misfortune might be a blessing in disguise. When adversity strikes, instead of being blinded by pessimism, we should learn to examine it from a comprehensive perspective so as to break free of despair and discover hope.Besides, we should maintain a positive attitude all along by remaining gratified by what we have achieved, with an attempt to keep forging ahead and embrace various challenges.


# 人生目标
- No matter what challenges lie ahead, individuals can realize their dreams through determination, perseverance and a lifelong passion for learning.  With clear goals in mind, young people are more likely to make wise decisions, stay confident in difficulties, and move steadily toward a brighter future.

# 坚持
- Just as mountaineer have to climb up rocky and steep slopes before reaching the peak, we will inevitably encounter numerous obstacles on our way to success. What needed then is a sustained effort to conquer them rather than an excuse to give up. After all, surrender means all previous efforts come to naught while hanging on certainly brings rewards. High achievers in competitive sports understand that very well and, almost without exception, attribute their glories to their perseverance with intensive training day after day.
- The closer we get to the finishing line, the more fatigued and lazier we fell. At such tough moments, we can only achieve our goals by being strong-willed and gritting our teeth. In other words, the virtue of persistence is the key to success and thus needs to be cultivated consciously.

# 旅游景点
- Firstly, I recommend exploring the Palace Museum, the world's largest ancient palace complex, because it showcases a huge cellection of arts and antiquties which offers a quick glimpse into China's extensive history and sophisticated culture. Moreover, if you are interested in outdoor activities, I recommend visiting the Great Wall, for the spectacular view of rolling mountains atop the ancient beacon towers will definitely make your trip worthwhile. Besides, there are unique cafes and galleries tucked away in the old lanes and alleys, or Hutongs in Beijing. Riding a bike along the quaint downtown capital after a whole-day teaching is such an excellent way to experience the charming Hutong culture